services/pc-support.md, before:

---
layout: single
title: "Computer Support Services"
classes: wide
---
We provide support for all major brands of Laptop & Desktop hardware. Our Technicians will use various diagnostic tools to identify and resolve the root cause to prevent future downtime! All Computer repairs include dust removal and available updates!

| **Service**               | **Rate** |
| Malware/Virus Removal     | $100 |
| Diagnostics/1st Hour      | $50 |
| Standard Hourly Rate      | $50 |
| Business Hourly Rate      | $80 |
| Laptop Screen Replacement | $165* |

Laptop Screen Replacements start at $165. This price may increase if the replacement hardware is greater than $165.

[Click Here to Open a Support Ticket](https://forms.gle/LBAdQnoguwRzCkNo8){: .btn .btn--danger}

### Custom Built Desktop Services

It doesn't matter if you are looking to build a brand new PC or you just need an extra hand with your upgrade; We are here to help! Our Denver family provides us access to a [MicroCenter](https://www.microcenter.com/site/stores/denver.aspx) location. Often parts are cheaper in-store versus online.

| **Service** | **Fixed Cost** |
| Consultation          | Free |
| Hardware Upgrade      | $50/Hour |
| Air-Cooled Full-Build | $160 |
| Water AIO Full-Build  | $200 |

**Warranty Disclaimer:** Full-Build computers are backed by a 1-Year warranty. Guaranteed to be free of hardware and assembly defects!
{: .notice--success}

### Nikon Camera Services

We enjoy photography as well! That is why we offer services to help maintain your Nikon camera. Whether you have a DSLR D-series or a Mirrorless Z-series we help keep each picture as sharp as the first! **All Nikon Camera Services are completed same-day!**

| **Service**                | **Fixed Cost** |
| Firmware Update            | $35 |
| Cropped Sensor Cleaning    | $40 |
| Full-Frame Sensor Cleaning | $60 |

[Click Here to Open a Support Ticket](https://forms.gle/LBAdQnoguwRzCkNo8){: .btn .btn--danger}

Commit message:

pc support link on home page

services/pc-support.md, after:

---
layout: single
title: "Computer Support Services"
classes: wide
---
We provide support for all major brands of Laptop & Desktop hardware. Our Technicians will use various diagnostic tools to identify and resolve the root cause to prevent future downtime! All Computer repairs include dust removal and available updates!

| **Service**               | **Rate** |
| Malware/Virus Removal     | $100 |
| Diagnostics/1st Hour      | $50 |
| Standard Hourly Rate      | $50 |
| Business Hourly Rate      | $80 |
| Laptop Screen Replacement | $165* |

Laptop Screen Replacements start at $165. This price may increase if the replacement hardware is greater than $165.

[Click Here to Open a Support Ticket](https://forms.gle/LBAdQnoguwRzCkNo8){: .btn .btn--danger}

## Custom Built Desktop Services

It doesn't matter if you are looking to build a brand new PC or you just need an extra hand with your upgrade; We are here to help! Our Denver family provides us access to a [MicroCenter](https://www.microcenter.com/site/stores/denver.aspx) location. Often parts are cheaper in-store versus online.

| **Service** | **Fixed Cost** |
| Consultation          | Free |
| Hardware Upgrade      | $50/Hour |
| Air-Cooled Full-Build | $160 |
| Water AIO Full-Build  | $200 |

**Warranty Disclaimer:** Full-Build computers are backed by a 1-Year warranty. Guaranteed to be free of hardware and assembly defects!
{: .notice--success}

## Nikon Camera Services

We enjoy photography as well! That is why we offer services to help maintain your Nikon camera. Whether you have a DSLR D-series or a Mirrorless Z-series we help keep each picture as sharp as the first! **All Nikon Camera Services are completed same-day!**

| **Service**                | **Fixed Cost** |
| Firmware Update            | $35 |
| Cropped Sensor Cleaning    | $40 |
| Full-Frame Sensor Cleaning | $60 |

[Click Here to Open a Support Ticket](https://forms.gle/LBAdQnoguwRzCkNo8){: .btn .btn--danger}

## Network Support

We are your local networking experts! We offer support designing, deploying, troubleshooting, securing, and maintaining all your network gear. We have Enterprise and WAN/TELCO experience with Cisco, Juniper Networks, and Versa Networks gear! Whether you want to setup a Guest Wireless network or secure your QuickBooks machine; We can do it!

- [Ubiquiti](https://www.ui.com/) switches, access points, and security cameras.
- [Aruba](https://www.arubanetworks.com/) switches, wireless controllers, and wireless access points.
- [Juniper](https://www.juniper.net/us/en.html) switches and routers.
- [Cisco](https://www.cisco.com/) switches, routers, and Merakis.
- [TP-Link](https://www.tp-link.com/us/business-networking/) switches, routers, and access points.
- [WestRiv Equipment](https://westriv.com/)

### Wireless Site Survey - $100

Having trouble with wireless connectivity? Provide us with a floor map and we will help you determine areas of weak wireless coverage. Don't have a floor map? No problem, we will work together to come up with a solution. This service includes a 7-point signal strength survey using [Homedale](https://the-sz.com/products/homedale/) or similar tooling. We will provide a 1-page overview for the recommended actions to improve wireless coverage.
